CIS 190 Quiz 1

Using vi create the file quiz1.1.txt
Put your answers to the following inside the file and number them.
1. What does a ~ represent in a file path? 
	represents the home directory of the current user
2.What is an absolute path and how can you determine if a path is an absolute path.
	it is a complete path to file or dir from the root directory. Absolute starts with (/)
3. Where does a relative path start from on the file system?
	it start relative to the current working directory
4. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of your ~/Downloads directory using a relative path while working in your ~/Documents/cis190 directory.
	ls ../../Downloads
5. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a sub-directory called “test” inside of your current location using a relative path.
	ls test
6. Give the command to use the ls utility to display the contents of a directory named Desktop inside of the your home directory using an absolute path.
	ls /home/codespace/Desktop
7. Why do Unix/Linux utilities have a singular purpose? 
	It is a more simplified and efficient command. No unused code and can be tailored to suit needs.
8. What is the best command to run to verify that this file is in the proper location and has the contents you intended?
	ls -lR
9. Copy the following text from this quiz and paste it inside your file.


Put your answers to the questions on the next line after the question and indented over to the right:

a. How do you get your previous command to appear on the command line without retyping it? 
	use the up arrow
b. Using a relative path what would the command be to show the contents of a directory one level higher than your current location? 
	ls ../
c. Using an absolute path (not using the tilde shortcut) give the command to open a file in your home directory called SampleFile.txt with the vi editor.  
	vi /home/{user}/SampleFile.txt
d. What is the command to display the manual page for the less paging utility? 
	man less
e. What is the command to search forward through the manual page for the string “input”
	/input
i. What is the command to find the next match for your search? 
	/    enter
